The idea was first one of social disruption, to weed out the corporates access to us without consent. Our data is collected and we are then targeted with advertising specific to our selves. Since we do not consent to be data collected, we therefore do not consent to view our designated advertising. A personal communications digital platform would be an operating system to suite of devices grouped to a common protocol. The device works as a web of shared computing and communications that charges off solar energy in the case charging station while you sleep. It is off grid, since they pass packets to the recipient in a chain on any accessible band of radio communication. The messages can only be unencrypted by the recipient. It hosts to collection of our information, our wiki theArchive. It also possess AI trained on all the published laws and their authority zones and can clarify legal standing when queried. The network maintains a strict adhereance to encryption protocol by design. It is non-optional to be included in the system. Unsigned messages get ignored. The network also hosts the cryptochain. Your spot in the chain that is divided into currency with your name on it. Any device with an unmatching chain gets code bricked. We want communication, without the middleman.

But I realized that once I removed the marketing from communication, the money was still available. I was able to license access back to the corporations for access to their employees. They could not legally contact their employees without being on the contact list, and they had no origin point. It also licensed them to push alerts to the phone aside from regular messaging protocols (text, face-to-face). The price per licensee was high, funds held and invested in reserve on their behalf, to support and payout the cash requested when they use their crypto, even as in-game cash.

When we took their money from them and used it to support our own independent nation. theCloud, there wasn't anything they could do. We self-organized, and remained citizens of a nation who was very clear about their values and expectations. We will be free. Each block was worth 1. It was then divided down in binary trees until each was a piece of 10, and when we ammassed enough funds, our nation grew, 10 becoming 100 and their exchange rate staying the same. It grew to big under their noses because they did not understand the significance of the technology.

In our world things are binary, you are in or you are out. We have a social contract that is built upon respect. Respect and you are in, and under our umbrella of citizenship. Lack the respect, and you are cast out, to be subject only to the nation in which you reside. And in this our violence is binary. You are fighting, or you are not. We do not decock our weapons. We stow them and treat them like rocks, or we're ready to rock and roll and treat it like a weapon. In our world, we live in peace, until it's time not to, and then we get to work in our zones. Communication is constant.
